Update VolumeAttributesClass example to beta (#2150)
kubernetes-sigs/aws-ebs-csi-driver: examples/kubernetes/modify-volume/README.md

## Prerequisites

> This example will only work with `aws-ebs-csi-driver` >= v1.35.0 on a Kubernetes v1.31 cluster with the beta `VolumeAttributesClass` feature enabled. For more information see the [installation instructions in the EBS CSI `ModifyVolume` documentation](/docs/modify-volume.md).

Reviewer: Drop "with `aws-ebs-csi-driver` >= v1.35.0" - docs on `master` refer to the latest version of the driver so this is redundant.

Also, "Kubernetes `v1.31`" should be "Kubernetes `v1.31` or later"

```suggestion
This example will only work on a Kubernetes v1.31 or later cluster with the beta `VolumeAttributesClass` feature enabled. For more information see the [installation instructions in the EBS CSI `ModifyVolume` documentation](/docs/modify-volume.md).
```
